thanks for joining us the full extent of
a huge Israeli strike on a refugee camp
in central Gaza is becoming clearer at
least a 80 people are fear trapped under
the rubble of their homes in the AL
barage Camp several people are dead but
the toll is expected to rise
traumatically the injured mostly women
and children have been taken to
hospital an entire family was
annihilated completely none of them
survived the father mother and their
children were all SL Ed in this air
strike this is Israel's tyranny Israel's
ongoing war crimes we say nothing but
what pleases almighty God to him we
shall all ultimately return innocent
children were killed in their sleep look
how innocent a child is oh God your
mercy God TK abum joins us now live from
darala in central Gaza and TK Rescuers
are still trying against all ODS to to
reach the many many people believe to
still be under the rubble in Alber rage
uh what is the latest that you are
hearing well in fact operations rescue
operations are under way in the location
of the strike where the Israeli military
has targeted four residential buildings
in the same Block in the same
neighborhood living behind the countless
level of Destruction being inflicted to
the areas we've been hearing from uh
civil defense Crews they are absolutely
struggling and scrambling in order to
recover victims they managed so far to
recover eight Palestinians who were
found killed and the vast majority were
young children this is incredibly very
devastating this is a new unbearable
loss for Palestinians but there are more
inlux of injuries were transferred both
to al- AA hospital and to Al AA Hospital
in anarat refugee camp but as one of the
civil defense members confirmed that the
scale of Destruction there is beyond
recognition we are talking about that
there are still at least 80 Palestinians
be beneath the rle and the remnant of
these destroyed areas and we are
challenged by the fires the fire of the
Israeli trones that continue to impact
and to restrict our uh Crews working on
the ground there in order to recover the
victims but it's worth reminding our
viewers that those defense workers those
civil defense teams are trying by very
primitive means in order to recover
those who are under the rle and there is
a very high possibility in order to
recover them during the day and TK you
talk about a potential influx of
seriously injured people what does all
of this mean then for gaza's medical
facilities already under
strain the the already uh operational
hospitals in Gaza are overwhelmed with
injuries patients with a chronic
diseases and even pretty much two babies
who are in a very desperate need for a
very high Medical Care uh the situation
inside alaka hospital and those
hospitals that are working right now is
incredibly apocalyptic I've been touring
inside the department of the hospitals I
have been hearing from Medics that there
is a very severe shortage of essential
medical supplies and they are right now
depending on using the tent Fabrics
instead of using medical blankets and
mattresses and this is one of the worst
levels that the Palestinian medical
sector has incredibly reached after
almost a year of confrontations and
battles on the ground inside the Gaza
Strip also gaza's Health Ministry has
confirmed that there is a clear increase
of the numbers of medic of medical tough
inside gaza's hospitals especially that
more than
1,100 Palestinian Medics have been
killed since the War Began back in
October 2023 all right TK many thanks
that t Abu there on the latest on the
results of that strike on Alber rage 80
people still believe to be buried under
the
rubble make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Alia